Carrot and Apple Pancakes With Raisins
By littleChef in CookingBreakfast2192Featured
license

Save PDF
Introduction: Carrot and Apple Pancakes With Raisins
Carrot and Apple Pancakes With Raisins
Carrot and Apple Pancakes With Raisins
littleChefBy littleChefFollow
More by the author:
Baked Apples With Cottage Cheese & CinnamonCheese FlatbreadBerry and Fruit Jelly Cake
About: Family cooking with kids More About littleChef »
Sweet, tasty, and healthy pancakes! And no, you don’t have to be a carrot lover. They are really delicious, and I often come back to this recipe. Instead of flour, we use semolina. But you can also use oat flour — it’s lower in calories and higher in fiber than regular flour. Instead of raisins, you can add prunes or dried apricots. One tricky part: you need to flip them carefully so they don’t fall apart.

All the recipes are posted on our family channel, where the chef is my 9-year-old daughter Barbara. Currently, the videos are not translated into English, but if you want to see the steps or are curious to watch how a child handles grown-up recipes, we’d be happy to have you on the channel 👉 https://youtu.be/BDAjwVCNOcg



Supplies
1 large carrot

1 apple

½ – 1 tbsp sugar

A handful of raisins or prunes

4 tbsp semolina (heaping)

3 tbsp kefir (or unsweetened yogurt/buttermilk)

1 egg

Oil for frying (e.g., olive oil)

Step 1:

Peel the carrot

Step 2:

Grate the carrot on a coarse grater (or you can blend it in a food processor)

Step 3:

Do the same with the apple (grate or blend it)

Step 4:

Place all the ingredients in a large mixing bowl: the grated carrot and apple, semolina, egg, kefir (or unsweetened yogurt/buttermilk), sugar, and raisins

Step 5:

Stir with a spoon — you’ll get a beautiful mixture, just like in the photo

Step 6:
Let the mixture rest for 30 minutes. If there’s too much liquid, you can drain it through a sieve to remove the excess

Step 7:



Lightly grease the frying pan with a thin layer of olive oil. Scoop the mixture with a large spoon and place it on the pan. Use 1–1.5 heaping tablespoons for each pancake. Gently press and slightly spread it with the spoon to give it a nice shape

Step 8:



Fry the pancakes on one side until golden brown, then carefully flip them with a spatula and cook the other side

Step 9:

Enjoy the delicious, sweet pancakes! Bon appétit!
